[Applause]
sonica
badly important there's second round of
the world league to come in the top two
was crucial for us and also we want to
win it at home so we want to start to
win some tournaments and so this was a
vital importance for us and also to be
in June at the third round after the
series lost against Belgium it was
really important for the team to settle
to pay attention to small details in our
game and to turn the results around i
think the performances last week against
baltimore pretty close but it was about
time that we started achieving the
results and this week proved that also
the comeback of pity and was really key
to that she's scoring lots of goals at
the moment and we're really happy with
that as it it guarantees as three points
[Applause]
[Music]
but an important one and it is important
because we qualified all ready for the
Olympics and and to go to that world cup
it's it's a big objective of us and and
today was a tough game but I think it's
a deserved win because there was one
team who wanted to play in another we
just wanted to defend so it was a hard
one to win but it's a desert
[Applause]
[Music]